Hello welcome to the Section 18 challenge on exception handling.
Congratulations on finishing this section.
This challenge is a very straightforward challenge but it's going to be using some interesting techniques.
One of the things that I want you to do in this challenge is to derive your own exception classes from
the standard libraries exception class and then integrate that into the account class and then test
your code.
Now I've got you started here.
I've created a challenge project and again I'm in the Section 18 workspace in the challenge project
and under here I've got all the source code for the account class that we've been working with throughout
the course.
This is the description dark text file which is what we're looking at right now and I'd like to read
through this in a minute and then I'll talk about a different exception classes.
Ok so for this challenge what we want you to do is to integrate your own user defined exception classes
into the account class and count classes are provided for you you can see them over here.
Also the illegal balance exception class already has been created for you but it does not derive from
the Stude exception class.
You have to do that yourself.
What I'd like you to do is derive the illegal balance exception class like I just said from stood exception
and implement the what method.
That what method is that virtual method that returns a character string a C-style string and provide
an exception message there.
Now this exception object should be thrown from the account class constructor.
Whenever we get a negative balance case.
In other words if you try to create an account with a negative balance we want to throw this very much
like what I did in the slides.
So that's one class.
The second class is a class called insufficient funds exception and you can see that right here.
Again I want you to derive this from stood exception and implement the method for it to provide a message.
This exception objects should be thrown if a withdrawal results in a negative balance.
So you're overdrawn.
You should throw this exception object from the accounts withdraw method.
That's it.
Pretty straightforward.
The harder part of this assignment is not so much implementing these classes it's testing them and you
have to do that to your man.
All right so let me go over this illegal balance exception class right here.
There's no CPV fall it's all in the header file and I've created a class called illegal balance exception.
It's got a default constructor and a default destructor.
And I've got those Curley's here you could replace those with equal default if you like.
I think I do that in the solution but you don't have to.
So that's it.
Now what I want you to do is public inheritance here stood exception and then implement the what method.
You'll notice that that's already there.
And if you go to account CGP in the account constructor here on line 3 I'm checking to see if the balance
is less than zero if it is I'm throwing the legal balance exception.
OK so that's part one.
The second part is I want you to create to me go back to my description real quick I want you to create
another class called insufficient funds exception.
Same idea is illegal balance exception.
It's going to be derived publicly from stood exception.
You're going to have your constructor destructor and you're going to implement that what virtual function
again.
And then that exception will be thrown here in the account C-p withdrawal method right here.
So you can see that if the balance goes negative you want to throw that exception object.
OK.
Now where do you catch these things.
Well let's go to our main This is where you want to test your code.
This is where you want to create your checking account objects your savings account objects and so forth
create them with negative balances.
Put 100 dollars into them and then withdraw $200 from a ghetto and insufficient funds exception.
So that's the kind of thing you want to do here.
You want to be sure you do that in a try block and you want to be sure that you're catching those exception
objects here.
OK.
So that's really it is not a lot of code to write.
It's just writing them in precise locations and getting it to work just right.
All right.
So good luck.
I'll see you on the next video where I'll show you my solution.